Jellystone is one of the busiest national parks in Tasmania.
If you're planning a trip to Jellystone and prefer tent camping
the most popular time to visit is between February and March
when the average nightly temperature is between 32°F (above freezing) and 70°F.
The park experiences its highest tent camping activity during this time,
with approximately 140,000 nights spent in campgrounds at its peak.
You'll notice that RV camping nights remain well below that of campgrounds and lodges.
That is because out of the 12 campgrounds in the park, only one has RV hookups available.
Those brave enough to explore the Tasmanian backcountry will likely have a night under the stars to themselves.
Backcountry camping is the least utilized, not quite reaching 5,000 nights at its peak of the season.
Jellystone has average temperatures that dip below freezing for a staggering 9 months.
Though the park is open year-round, most roads and facilities close from May to December,
limiting access to those of us who are not traveling by snowmobile or skis.
We can see this in the visualization, with lodging being the only accommodation used during that time.
You will notice a small bump in overnight stays in August when people stay in the park to cross-country ski and snowshoe.